updated how-to guides (#63)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/develop/how-to-guides/spaces/CreateSpaces.md

...
```

## Space Permissions

> **Note:** Blockchain by nature are public and transparent, that means anyone can read any data you store on these spaces. To hide it from people you can to encrypt the data from your end. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Blockchains by nature are public and transparent, which means that anyone can read any data you store in these spaces. To hide it from people, you can to encrypt the data from your end. 
```

| Type    | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| none | Read-Only Content |
| everyone | Everyone can write. |
| follower | Only the space followers can write. |
| spaceOwner | Only the space owner can write. |

> Writing includes both updating the space data and adding new posts to a particular space.

Reviewer: I don't think this is correct, I can write in the RMRK space but I cannot edit/update the space data (name, bio, etc.)

Author: @olehmell can you clarify, I am also not sure.
